[ADD] administration: new page on neutralized database (#7305)
odoo/documentation: content/administration/maintain/neutralized_databases.rst

=====================

> Neutralized databases
> =====================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Neutralized database
====================
```
I think singular would be best :)

> What is a neutralized database?
> ===============================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
The H2 heading isn't necessary; we usually explain what is the topic at hand straight after the H1 heading :)

A neutralized database is a non-production database on which several parameters are deactivated. This enables one to
carry out tests without the risk of launching specific automated processes that could impact production data (e.g.,

> sending emails to customers). Live access is then removed and turned into a testing environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sending emails to customers). Live access is removed and turned into a testing environment.
```

.. note::
   **Any testing database created is a neutralized database:**
   - testing backup databases
   - duplicate databases

>    - For Odoo.sh: staging and development databases

Reviewer: Lists unfortunately don't work inside alert blocks such as notes:
![image](https://github.com/odoo/documentation/assets/70884563/b4b024e9-71f0-4737-a978-237cafaabe1f)

Author: OK I replaced the hyphen with a comma instead

Reviewer: Actually, lists do work (I tried), but an empty line is always required before starting a new list, my bad :)

> .. warning::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. important::
```
I'm not sure a warning block fits here, maybe the important block instead?

   A database can also be neutralized when upgrading, as it is vital to do some tests before switching to a new version.

> The consequences of a neutralized database
> ==========================================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deactivated features
====================
```
I think straight-up naming what the heading is about is better than the more vague "what are the consequences".
Also, I would talk about features or something else, but not parameters.

> Here is a non-exhaustive list of the deactivated parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is a non-exhaustive list of features that are deactivated:
```

> - all planned actions (where many flows are generated, e.g., automatic invoicing of subscriptions, mass mailing, etc.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- all planned actions (e.g., automatic invoicing of subscriptions, mass mailing, etc.)
```
The first part of the explanation in brackets isn't very clear, plus it doesn't seem necessary.

> - the outgoing e-mail server (so that no e-mails are sent to anyone, especially customers, as it would be inappropriate
> for them to receive requests for payment of duplicate or incorrect invoices)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- outgoing emails
```
"email" instead of "e-mail" for consistency. Also, I don't think the explanation is necessary since no explanation is provider for other features.

- bank synchronization
- payment providers
- delivery methods

> - IAP (In-App Purchase) tokens

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :abbr:`IAP (In-App Purchase)` tokens
```
You could use the abbreviation markup here :)

> How does one know when the database is neutralized?
> ===================================================
> 
> A red banner at the top of the screen is displayed on the neutralized database so that it can be seen immediately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Not really necessary, especially with an H2 heading followed by a single sentence. If you'd like, you could include a screenshot of that banner somewhere in the beginning, though (again, not necessary either)
